1 -min  What Problem are we trying to solve : Your overall application conccep 
            (Elevator pitch section) 
            Google search in the local area for a keyword but in an easy user interface, 1 button click application.
            FOr people are on the go, in a new area.
            people with businesy squeduals
            lazy, looking for easy 
     
3 min   Story of Development: design processes  
            Initial Concept Brainstorming
                Images of white board
                app ideas and problems to solve
                api research, what can we do and not do.
            Picked Movie Api did inital research and api dev.
                As movie lovers, we were able to search for current movies and reviews, but we also wanted to search local for movie locations but could not.
                We couldnt get the api to work with showing all the data that we ultimatly wanted.
            
            Pivoted to a phone location search app.
               
            Concept Wireframes
            Division of effort, assigned roles
                Front end
                design
                API 
                Firebase

2 min   Why we choose this specific application: motivation for the development 
            During the initial effort,  In our group work, we wanted to find meeting location in the area on the go to work on our area.
            Felt this was a need that could be sold to a mobile customer base vs the computer screen (movie app).  in this case the use is looking for an elegant and easy app to help, search on the go.

1 min   How we solved this issue: technologies you used 
            Ajax request
            call Foursquare for terms search
            call with the id from that search for specifics 
            IP address location 
            HereAPI
            Bootstrap
            firebase
            animate.css - `Animated infinite wobble
            jquery

3 -min   Demonstration of its functionality (Ideas for future development and improvments)

            Our Approach - Human-centered design is motivated by creating solutions for problems and
            opportunities through a focus on the needs, contexts, behaviors, and emotions of the people
            that the solutions will serve.

            One hand eazy and efficient usage of the App was our primary focus. This defined the work and scope of the                      project.
            
            MVP 2.0 - Future funcationality will add user authentication that will feaure a customized list of button for each             user.                 
            Currently we are gathering data in firebase to understand out users needs and wants better.             
            Any new button created last for the duration of the session however the data is passed on to firebase             for analysis.  

            Show the app - 
            show it as user friendly, allows the user to add new earch terms and use on the app on the go.
            
            Here is what we want to build on in the future
                API features (alts to foursquare) - google places / Radar / Flamyngo  - in case foursquares api cost is to                      onerous
                Marketing study into what users want in the search results (hours, reviews), 
                Revenue streams / options
                    Ads, paid application, affiliate linking
                Update to local database and save this data to analysis of what users are searching for, where.  Sales of this                  meta data.
            
            Questions:- 
